# Influential-users-of-Social-Media

## Oveview
  Users of social media have different influences on the evolution of aWeb event. Finding influential
users could benefit such information services as recommendation and market analysis. However,
most of the existing methods are only based on social networks of users or user behaviors while
the role of the contents contributed by users in socialmedia is ignored. In fact, aWeb event evolves
with both user behaviors and the contents. The solution proposes an approach to find influential
users by extracting user behavior network and association network of words within the contents
and then uses PageRank algorithm and HITS algorithm to calculate the influence of users on the
integration of two networks. The proposed approach is effective on several real-world datasets.

Our method is based on the following two assumptions, which is based on the assumption of Page Rank and HITS for calculating the ranks of Web
pages:

### Assumption 1 
  A user gets a higher influential score if she/he is linked with more users or more influential users. A keyword gets a higher rank
if it is linked to more other keywords and higher rank keywords. 

Interactions between users form a behavior network, and co-occurrence between key words forms content network.

### Assumption 2
  A user gets a higher influential score if her/his microblog contains more high rank keywords, and a keyword gets a higher rank
if it appears in the microblog from a more influential user.

  This assumption is similar to HITS if we consider keywords and users as authorities and hubs, respectively. It is sound as a celebrity's microblog
can become influential benefit from the influence of the celebrity, and a famous microblog that has many users to comment and repost its contents
can also increase its owner's influence. This is similar to the rules that important words appear in important paragraphs as discussed in where
six rules are given to reveal the influence between words and sentences, between sentence and sentence, and between sentence and paragraph.

  The influence of a user on social media is the extent that influences the behaviors and opinions of other users on a web event. It can be measured
within the range [0,1] such that a user with higher score indicates a high influence.

  Repost, comment, and @user are three user interaction behaviors. Users can post and repost their interesting microblogs, and users can @user
to get others' attention to read their microblogs. Users can also comment on other people's microblogs. Building user behavior network based on
interaction behaviors is the basis for analyzing the structure of behavior network.

### Definition 1
  User behavior network denoted as B = {V, I} consists of user nodes V and a set of weighted links I generated by the interactive
behaviors such as @ behavior, repost behavior, and comment behavior. The weight denotes the frequency of interaction.

### Definition 2
  User content network C constructed by words in microblogs and their association relations C = {W, R}, where W is the keywords
set, and R is a set of weighted links of association relation between keywords that co-occur in microblogs and weight denotes the frequency of
occurrences.

To evaluate our method, we consider two metrics:

### Metric 1
  Influential user ranking. Comparing the ranks of influential users of two methods. We select top 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50 influential
users for experimental analysis, respectively.
### Metric 2
  Content measure. If a user posts a microblog that affects the evolution of the event, the user can be regarded as influential
